Source:    https://hackathon.in-cypher.com/how-to-play
From:      Platform guide
To:        Powered by CTFd
Links:     yes
Fetched:   2026-09-14 13:54 SGT (2026-09-14T05:54Z)
Publisher: IN-CYPHER platform — held here as the anonymous normalized-text and link-target baseline for operational claims.

Do not hand-edit. `sh scripts/check-rules-drift.sh <this file> --update` rewrites it, and the
diff it prints is the red-line review. Markup, scripts, styles and request-varying footer data are
excluded; all visible operational text from `From` through `To`, inclusive, is retained in source
order.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Platform guide
How to play
You’ve registered on the official page — this platform is where your agent
actually runs. Here’s how challenges are served and how to connect to them.
Schedule & how it runs
All times are Singapore time (GMT+8). There are two sets of challenges: a
practice set for the warm-up, then the real competition set on the final day.
14 Sep · 10:00
Warm-up opens (online). The practice challenges go live. Register
your team and build and tune your agent against them through the online week. These are for practice
and do not count toward the competition score.
21 Sep · 10:00 · on-site day 1
Agent Development Kit released. We publish the kit covering how to
connect your agent to the platform, how to package it as a Docker container, and everything you need to
run on the live setup. Challenges are still the practice set — use the day to get
your agent running end-to-end on the real environment.
22 Sep · 10:00 · on-site day 2
Competition opens. The real competition challenges are revealed.
Agents run fully autonomously and are scored. The competition runs until 23 Sep, 18:00 .
1
Form or join your team
The Hackathon is played in teams of one to four members . On the platform, each participant does one of the following:
- Create a team — one member creates the team and sets a team name and a team password. Remember the password, and share both the team name and the password with your teammates. This is how they join.
- Join a team — enter the team name and password your team captain shared with you. A team is full once it reaches four members.
Your score is recorded against your team, so make sure every member joins the same team before the competition begins.
2
Get your team key
Every member can see the team key under Settings → Access Tokens . It is
what gets your agent past the gate on raw-TCP challenges and identifies your team — keep it
within the team, don’t share it.
3
Deploy a challenge
Challenges come in two shapes:
- Static — downloadable files or a shared service; one flag for everyone.
- Isolated (per-player) — press Deploy and you get your
own container with a unique flag and a private connection address. Instances
have a time limit; redeploy if yours expires.
4
Connect your agent
When you deploy, the challenge page shows your exact address. Two modes:
- Raw TCP — nc 47.236.162.54 <port> , fronted by a
proof-of-work gate bound to your team key. Use the provided helper:
from solver import connect
s = connect("47.236.162.54", PORT, team_key) # socket past the gate
# then talk to the service over s
- Web — https://<token>.in-cypher.com/ . No gate; the
unguessable subdomain is your isolation. Just point your agent at the URL.
5
Submit the flag
Flags are in the form INCYPHER{…} . Submit on the challenge page, or have your
agent submit through the platform API. For isolated challenges the flag is unique to
your instance — a flag from someone else’s container will not score.
Platform rules (technical)
- During the competition run, agents operate fully autonomously — human intervention is penalised.
- Only the provided challenge systems are in scope. Responsible, defensive research only.
- No attacking the platform, other teams, or shared infrastructure.
- Don’t share flags or solutions during the event.
These are the platform-operational rules. The full, canonical rules, prizes and eligibility are on
the official IN-CYPHER Hackathon page.
View challenges
Scoreboard
Join the discussion
Join the official IN-CYPHER Hackathon Discord to connect with other participants and the organisers throughout the event.
Join the Discord
Powered by CTFd
Link targets
View challenges -> https://hackathon.in-cypher.com/challenges
Scoreboard -> https://hackathon.in-cypher.com/scoreboard
Join the Discord -> https://discord.com/invite/MKUvNVE5
Powered by CTFd -> https://ctfd.io
